hello there you woulda won more fibers
Australian I back today with an easter
egg which is nice but first of all I
must say that the following clip you
know I gotta give one hundred percent
credit too hey I'm Kiran which is his
YouTube but I'll just go off with Kieran
securin has gone into shi no numa hindi
he's got two pieces of audio that he
picked up from the map and i'll be doing
the second piece of audio in a separate
video but i'm gonna start off with the
whispers first of all now some of you
have seen it it's got over eight hundred
views now i think because been favorited
in and so a lot of you may have already
seen it but basically he wanted help
with with understanding what the
whispers are actually saying so i'm
gonna go ahead and play it and i want
all of you to comment what you think
they're saying just like you did on his
video and i'll go through with what I
think they're saying
is some interest in whispers right there
because I've never actually bumped into
these whispers of a foot band before
I've only just heard them when keiran
uploaded the video along with the weird
voices in the second piece of audio he
did so in the comments section someone
mentioned about the whispers st. hits
outside which I can actually hear really
clearly I can hear that fine and you
also said in a comment that it's
referring to the meteor which isn't a
bad interpretation because the meteor is
outside the map obviously but then I
came up with a theory about outer space
like what about if they want to go
bigger and then they're saying like it's
outside it's outside of the earth it sir
it's in space which you know it is in
space we went to the moon so you've got
the meter you're outside the map as well
as as well as sorry the meteors on the
moon and that's just someone I came up
with and then a lot of people could
actually hear tell them which is pretty
interesting because you know we can sort
of gather here that these whispers are
the voices in richtofen's head and you
know it can also play as his conscience
so tell them he's probably feeling a bit
guilty now so maybe he wants to tell the
group the truth who he is you know what
he's using them for and what he did to
them and what
ended up in so it's some pretty
interesting whispers as well on the last
one I heard and I think another person
heard in the comments with son son as in
the Sun the star so you know that's not
much because she no numa is the Rising
Sun facility so you'd expect to hear
some somewhere in the whispers so yeah
that's pretty much all I've gathered let
me know if you can hear it have been
different remember all the credit goes
to hey I'm clearance ago his channel
will be in the description go and
subscribe to him because he's pretty
awesome for finding these audio
file so well done Kiran and i'm going to
use his second video to talk about next
as well which is pretty tricky because i
can really gather much from that one and
so hopefully you guys can as well so
that would be pretty cool so thank you
for watching again guys some pretty cool
Easter eggs going on at the moment that
we'd never seen before so yeah go ahead
subscribe to him and I'll till to God
suit